#summary How to use the 2011 cosmic / beam test bPID/iTOP electronics

=Introduction=

A thorough description of the electronics and system for 2011 cosmic / beam test is available at [http://www.phys.hawaii.edu/~kurtisn/documentation/bPID_electronics/ bPID electronics documentation].

=Hardware=

===board stack===

A board stack consists of a SCROD, an interconnect board, four ASIC carrier boards, 16 ASIC daughtercards, a front-back board, a front-front board and an SL10_HV board.

===SCROD===

SCROD is the controller of the board stack.  It has an FPGA and connectors for communication to other boards.

===ASIC daughtercards===

The ASIC that will be used for the 2011 cosmic / beam test is the IRS2.  The daughtercards on which the ASICs sit is called the IRS2_DC revB.  That board has 8 amplifiers (one for each ASIC input channel) and 16 DAC channels to control various aspects of the ASICs' functionality.

===power===

A fully populated board stack requires 4V @ 6A through a 4 pin molex connector.

=FPGA firmware=

===subversion repository===

The subversion repository for [http://code.google.com/p/idlab-scrod/source/checkout idlab-scrod] has instructions on checking out a copy of a subversion repository.  If you want to keep up-to-date on the firmware or build it yourself, you need to checkout the repository.

===JTAG programmer===

A JTAG programmer is used to send a program to the FPGA on SCROD.  Before this is done, the FPGA does not perform any useful functions.

===IMPACT===

IMPACT is a Xilinx ISE / Xilinx LabTools program to send a .bit file to an FPGA.

===ChipScope===

ChipScope is a Xilinx ISE / Xilinx LabTools program to allow communication with the internal workings of the FPGA in real-time while the FPGA program is active.

=DAQ=

See [http://code.google.com/p/idlab-daq/wiki/HowToUseDAQSystem HowToUseDAQSystem] for information on how to gather data from a front-end electronics module.